chore(examples): add streamlit example (#145)
instill-ai/vdp: examples/streamlit/yolov4-vs-yolov7/README.md

> # streamlit-yolov7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# YOLOv7 demo
```

> This demo is to showcase [YOLOv4](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet) vs. [YOLOv7](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7) models pre-trained with [MS-COCO](https://cocodataset.org) dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo is to showcase using VDP to quickly set up a [YOLOv7](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7) object detection pipeline. It also uses Streamlit to  qualitatively compare the detection results with a [YOLOv4](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet) pipeline.
```
